feat: Add CTAP 2.2 authenticatorSelection (0x0B) API, docs, sample, and tests (#480)
Yubico/Yubico.NET.SDK: docs/users-manual/application-fido2/fido2-commands.md

[Technical APDU Details](apdu/set-large-blob.md)
___

## Authenticator selection

> Request user presence (UP) so the user can indicate _which_ authenticator to use, for example when more than one YubiKey is connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request user presence (UP) so the user can indicate _which_ authenticator to use for a subsequent operation. This can be useful in situations where more than one YubiKey is connected.
```

Reviewer: Broke this into two sentences because the original read weirdly to me.

### Available

> YubiKeys with FIDO2 firmware `5.5.1` or later. The underlying command, `authenticatorSelection` (0x0B), is specified in [CTAP 2.1 §6.9](https://fidoalliance.org/specs/fido-v2.1-ps-20210615/fido-client-to-authenticator-protocol-v2.1-ps-20210615.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YubiKeys with FIDO2 firmware `5.5.1` or later. The underlying command, `authenticatorSelection` (0x0B), is specified in [CTAP 2.1 §6.9](https://fidoalliance.org/specs/fido-v2.1-ps-20210615/fido-client-to-authenticator-protocol-v2.1-ps-20210615.html#authenticatorSelection).
```

Reviewer: Linking directly to section 6.9.
